README.md, before:

# Piano Tiles

Play now at https://zardoy.github.io/piano-tiles

> Works well on mobile platforms

## GamePad Layout

| PS button | XBOX button | Tile |
| --------- | ----------- | ---- |
| X         | A           | 1    |
| O         | B           | 2    |
| ▢         | X           | 3    |
| △         | Y           | 4    |

Keyboard layout is also supported. Use numbers or ASDF keys.

## Start Locally

> This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

In the project directory, you need to run `yarn start`.

It'll run the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />

## TODO

<!-- OMG just do that -->

- [ ] Controller | Keyboard layout in SVG
- [ ] Switch from react-scripts to snowpack-scripts in all projects

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

WIP feat: new keyboard layout - works only with default grid config for now

README.md, after:

# Piano Tiles

Play now at https://zardoy.github.io/piano-tiles

> Works well on mobile platforms

## GamePad Layout

| PS button | XBOX button | Tile |
| --------- | ----------- | ---- |
| X         | A           | 1    |
| O         | B           | 2    |
| ▢         | X           | 3    |
| △         | Y           | 4    |

Keyboard layout is also supported. Use numbers or OSU keymap (DF JK) keys.

## Start Locally

> This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

In the project directory, you need to run `yarn start`.

It'll run the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />

## TODO

<!-- OMG just do that -->

- [ ] Controller | Keyboard layout in SVG
- [ ] Switch from react-scripts to snowpack-scripts in all projects
- [ ] Enable hash router with proper handling pwa
- [ ] Offline

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
